Pari




Little lords are so predictable. They play god on their little planets, and lose all perspective on what they really are. As soon as I frame warfare as a contest of masculinity, I couldn't stop them from attacking their neighbors if I wanted to.
There are wars on the outlying colonies that have been raging for hundreds of years without a single death, driven by economies that produce nothing but nebulae of scrap metal. Discounts here and there keep them evenly matched, as long as they keep paying.
The people sacrifice all hope of advancement to pay for the ships, and the sunk cost fallacy means that they will keep paying, forever. After all, the first one to stop would be overrun. 
Have you seen a planet razed after three hundred years of warfare? Heads on spikes, valuables looted, and, of course, billions of citizens up for grabs. Biblical stuff. It makes great marketing material though.
I like you, so I'll give you some advice: Don't start a fight you can't finish quickly. As soon as you're trading ships in open space, the only winner is me.

Have you met Tyrant yet? Most of the leaders out here don't have the stomach for a proper war, but her little operations are responsible for a third of my revenue. I'd give her a referral fee if Shiva had any real competition.
We have a bit of an agreement: I don't make military androids, and we don't have to go to war over market share. It's mutually beneficial.
Most of the galaxy would be converted to lifeless glass before that war ended, and neither of us would benefit from that.
It's funny in a way. Back when I was a child, governments would prevent this sort of thing where they could. They made all sorts of rules about how much market share you could have, what kinds of agreements you could make with other companies, and, of course, prevented anyone else from owning the big guns.
The new order of things has its disadvantages, of course (I certainty wouldn't want to be a plebeian these days), but the benefits for people like us cannot be overstated.
The important thing to recognize is that every leader has a role. Step outside of that, and you might not like how the rest of us react.


Meeting
Discuss politics

Opera
Standard networking meeting with a party favor

Dinner
More networking, with an opulent meal

Third date



A little bird told me that your ships have a but of a reputation. Implausible luck. Incredible speed. Impossible feats. I even hear people are trying to buy them from you instead of me. 
Shiva operates under one guiding principle: we sell to both sides. If we lose that, our profits will drop staggeringly.
I know you use my ships, but the rest of the Galaxy is beginning to think otherwise, and as long as people believe that Shiva no longer has the best… well, an example must be made.
For what it's worth, I'm sorry it has to end this way. Wrong place, wrong time, wrong reputation. If you scuttle your station now, we can all pretend you died in an accident. Otherwise… I think you know the rest. 







I have... underestimated you. I don't know how you did this. I suppose it doesn't matter. My armada is in tatters. My supply lines cut to ribbons. The inescapable truth is that the greatest military in the galaxy, the wellspring from which all other militaries are born, has been outmatched.
I suppose we both know where this leads. All I want is to avoid your… proclivities. Everything else is negotiable. 






Ever since Pari's self-imposed exile, you have been keeping watch for any corporations with a sudden jump in value. She may have a new name and face, but she will never stop being a talented businesswoman, and her fingerprints are inevitable.
You soon find a lead. A husband and wife pair that established a monopoly on food production across several worlds in the San of months. The husband is a well-to-do man with plenty of history. The wife, however, seems to have appeared out of nowhere days after Pari’s disappearance. They frequently entertain large groups of guests, and it wouldn't be difficult to crash one of their parties.


You find their next party and invite yourself to the venue. Your reputation opens almost any door, and no guard dares to question you as you walk into the building.
You spend a few minutes examining the crowd before your eyes land on the hostess. She had changed her face, but her subtle mannerisms and political deftness are unmistakable. You are certain that it is Pari.
You sidle up to her and gently tap her on the shoulder. She turns to you with an automatic smile, but it vanishes as soon as the see your face. She turns to her husband and nervously excuses herself before talking you by the arm and firmly guiding you onto the less-crowded patio.
What are you doing here? This wasn't the deal. You aren't even supposed to know where I am.
You explain that you're just stopping by to see an old friend. She relaxes slightly, but doesn't trust your intentions enough to accept the explanation. She takes a glass of wine from the nearest server's tray and drinks it in a single gulp.
I hated you, you know. Well, it isn't the right word. There isn't one. You took everything I had. An empire that took centuries to cultivate. I loved Shiva Corporation more than… more than anything. And you burned it to ashes in front of me. With my own ships.
But the truth is, I wasn't any better than you. I thought I was. I'd earned my fortune, after all. But I bet I've killed more than you have. All of those wars, all of that suffering… and for what? I temporarily held a few more worlds than I would have.
This is better. I'm bringing food to the masses. I'm not making as much money as I could, but I'm not getting any more blood on my hands either. Even saving lives, from time to time. I don't know if there's enough time left in the universe to make up for everything I've done, but… maybe. Just maybe.
I'm even happy now. I wasn’t before. Not really. Always looking over my shoulder, going to Fei’s psychopathic parties to network, listening to Micah drone on about justice. I hated so much about my old life, but no amount of power was going to fix it.
Now? Things are simple. Just a couple planets, a couple hundred thousand employees. I have time for a husband. Might even have a kid or two. Play it by ear.
But you didn't come all this way to ask about my family life. What do you want?