Raza


Auction
You know, we haven't gotten much of a chance to spend time together since your rather meteoric ascension. I've got word of an exclusive auction happening tonight. There will be a lot of rare items up for sale. Would you like to attend as my plus one?




The Game
"I'm having a bit of a soirée at my palace tonight. Would you like to attend? It would be a good chance to get to know each-other better. My party-royales aren't for the faint of heart, but they're lots of fun if you can stomach some violence."
	Accept
		"Wonderful. I'll send you the coordinates now."
		You warp in through the provided gate, and find a lavishly-decorated palace room with several wealthy-looking individuals. Raza clears her throat gently and begins to address the assembled guests.
		"The rules are simple. Partygoers will be swapped into unremarkable bodies for the night. The palace will contain us, plus several slaves, who believe that they have earned the night off for their service. Last one alive gets the prize. Die in the palace, and you will be returned to your original body to watch the rest of the game."
		With that, she directs her guests to a row of chairs, and sits down in the furthest one. One by one, the guests sit down in the chairs, and settle into comfortable positions. As you relax into the seat, you feel yourself gaining control of your proxy body.
		You find yourself sitting at a banquet table with dozens of other people, laughing and chatting away. You have taken control of the body mid-sentence, but find yourself able to finish speaking undeterred. As you speak, you gently test the limits of your new form. It's clearly human, and un-augmented aside from the remote controller. 
			Start Killing
				You grab your steak knife and drive it into the skull of the man sitting next to you. Several of the partygoers around you scream at the sudden violence, but many others smile and grab various improvised weapons as well. You feel a strangely painless sensation of a knife in your gut, and quickly lose control of your host body. 
				You return to your natural form, and quickly see several other guests wake up in their chairs as well, laughing at the suddenness of the bloodbath. As you join the group of mingling aristocrats, you find yourself able to perceive the inside of the house through hundreds of security cameras. 
				You sip your various cocktails and watch with the eliminated guests as the rest of the partygoers form alliances, kill, and die over the next few hours. 
				Eventually, a winner is declared. You spend some time talking and laughing with the other partygoers and congratulating the winner on her prize before the party dies down, leaving the guests to disperse to your respective homes.
				A few hours later, you receive a message from Raza:
				"That was a great one. You certainly started the party off with a bang. We should do this again sometime."
			Observe Quietly
				Guest sneakily pockets knife during dinner conversation
				Two other guests go to bathrooms at once, one returns
				Hear a scream as body discovered by another bathroom-goer
				Notice two other guests missing from table, including knife man
				Hear a sound from behind, parry and take knife
					Go towards bathroom
						Obvious slave panicking over dead body
						Kill
						Return to dining room to find bloodbath, one wounded man remaining
						Finish off
						Commotion Upstairs
						Go up to find a pair of slaves fighting
						Kill last one
						Declared winner
					Stay in dining room
						Knife man returns alone
						Begins to strike up conversation
						Kill
						Stabbed from behind by another guest




Trappings of sin
An evening with Raza
It's rare to see someone of your caliber ascend from the rabble. Most people are not like us. It's not their fault, you understand. They're born serfs, they live as serfs, and they die as serfs. They don't understand the game like we do, and wouldn't build empires even if they could. 
They see themselves as somehow better than the slaves, but it's a small difference, wouldn't you say? The ones on your station live at your pleasure as much as your harem does, and I suspect they would be just as likely to service you if you demanded that they do so. I know that if I see a pretty little thing around my palace, I don't bother to find out if I own her or not.
People will debate on the nature of the classes until the end of time, but there are really only two groups worth mentioning. Us, and them. Forget that, or try to treat them like people with thoughts and feelings, and you'll spend the rest of their life bogged down with their insignificant problems.
Focus on making them believe they're not slaves, and they'll stay perfectly content as you bleed them dry.

Hatred
I just finished a negotiation with the Cooperative, and I need to kill something. Luckily, there's a small world of primitives I've bought for just such an occasion. Would you like to join me?
Have you ever had the misfortune of doing business with Ava? You may as well try to have a conversation with a slave. She doesn't even believe in hierarchy, preferring to let just anyone live lavishly. It's a wonder her precious cooperative hasn't collapsed in on itself yet. 
The appearance of a noble cause is enough to convince legions of rubes to join her little revolution, but it's hollow. The only reason nobody has invaded is that it's cheaper to wait for it to collapse on its own. I've had ships standing by at the edge of their space for centuries just waiting for it to fall apart, and I'm sure I'm not the only one.
My advice? Don't rock the boat. Power has always been a weapon for the worthy to use against the unworthy. Flip that around, and you will have nothing but problems.







I hate them. The simpering aristocrats, the useless suitors, the conspiring slaves. Hundreds of people live in the palace, and they all express their love for me daily. We all know that any one of them would throw me out an airlock for a promotion though.
When I was a girl, I found this sort of attention flattering. I thought it meant that I was loved, that I was somehow special. It took me a long time to see why my parents kept everyone outside the family at arms' length.
Of course, they shouldn't have had a child. That was back when you had to age, you understand, and they wanted me to inherit their little empire when they became too old and feeble to keep it from collapsing. When the first immortality drugs hit the market... Let's just say that I moved first. They shouldn't have hesitated to do the same to me.
That's how it works here. There's only so much room at the top. For one to rise, another must fall.
Sometimes I envy the primitives. For all of its disadvantages, mortality keeps things churning. Makes power something other than a competition to see who can be the most ruthless.





That station of yours has become quite lucrative. A good investment. You've been through this process before, so I'll be blunt: sell it to me for a hundred thousand credits, or I’ll cut it to pieces and take what's left.
It's nothing personal. You're just starting to become a potential threat. I don't like potential threats. Better to strangle them in the crib. I've had fun with you though. Maybe you can join my court after this little unpleasantness is done with.







I never thought this day would come, mongrel. Despite all odds, you seem to be driving us back. I come today to bargain.
My holdings are gradually falling to your barbarity, bur it is a slow process. I offer you this: you can have what's left of my empire. Every rock.
All I ask in return is an unmarked shuttle, my money, and an assurance that I won't be followed. I will live out the rest of my days in exile, in a place where you cannot trouble me, and I cannot trouble you. 
Do we have an accord?