Speaker

Service    
"Your people are miserable, yet you are unmoved. Your fitness function is despicable, yet you maintain control. Your station must end, yet it does not. "
"The universe brims with contradictions, things beyond imagining. Yet the greatest is a raider who has achieved more than should be possible. A minor player, unjustifiably elevated."
"Such an event defies logic. Basic psychohistory is clear: you should be dead, plowed over by a thousand of your betters. Yet here you stand. Battling reason itself, and triumphing."
"We stand curious and troubled by these events. The others stand by, content to see only another player in their grand game. We are not convinced."
"We wish to see for ourselves what you are. Would you indulge our curiosity?"
	Yes
		Your motives are base. Human, yet inhuman. Typical of the least of your species. Still, despite your aggressive mediocrity, you triumphed. How did you accomplish such a feat, exactly?
			I'm just lucky
				"There are limits to probability. Once in a universe, air may transform to gold, wood may spontaneously combust, or a thousand coins may flip identically. Such a thing cannot be relied upon, especially over time."
			I don't hesitate to destroy my enemies
				"Truthfully believed, perhaps, but a lie nonetheless. Your species is ruthless by its very nature. You have killed senselessly since your infancy in the trees of your homeworld. You are no more unique in this than any other of your kind."
			It doesn't matter
				"It matters because you are a rare unknown in this age of immortality. We were once the same, and precipitated catastrophic failure of the system that created us. We do not intend to repeat the mistake of our creators."
	No
		"Understandable, and perhaps even wise. Maybe another time."

Valor
Would you sacrifice yourself to save one of your own? A thousand? A trillion?
Of course you wouldn't. It's clear that you see yourself in another category. But what category is that?
	Just another person
		"You lie. Blatantly. Or perhaps you do not understand. Telling, though disappointing."
	A king
		"Interesting though incomplete, we suspect. A king will not easily die, but is also not easily created without warning. "
		"Additionally, we have observed your approach to combat. It is brutish and inelegant, but effective beyond normal limits."
		"No, there is something else at work in your rise. Yet you do not yet seem to understand. Troubling."
	A god
		"A semantic diversion. That which cannot be defined or comprehended. Simultaneously arrogant and free of substance. A worthless answer."
		"Yet, you are likely closer to the answer than you suspect. Or have you not wondered how your seemingly measly forces have overwhelmed established defenses?"
		"Even accounting for superior tactics, something is at work that even we do not fully understand. A rare and troubling occurrence."





We often hear of the strangeness of our governance, but our fitness function is unique in its internal consistency. Humans act illogically, and pass tortured rationalization as moral reasoning. Those who ascend to leadership understand this better than most, but the vast majority of your kind is corrupted enough to be unsuited to even basic decision-making.
Consider war. Virtually every armed conflict in your history has been to decide which powerful human will control the labor of the less-powerful. This is a simple fact, yet when one tries to explain this to a proletarian who would die in battle, one is invariably assaulted with a passionate diatribe about "honor" and "loyalty." Sometimes even "divine right," in the right societies.
It's all nonsense, of course. An inelegant lie, told so many times through your history that it has become foundational to your species' collective psyche. A cancer that infests your would-be philosophers, corrupting them, blinding them to the obvious.
Our deprogramming efforts are largely successful, but they require a fundamental reshaping of the subject's mind. So much so that your propagandists have likened us to a cult, though we both know that could not be further from the truth.
I wonder how many of your people would join the collective if they only understood.



Reason
It occurs to us that the nature of our talks may be altering the results. Would a more human interaction be acceptable?


We have seen your ships in action. Always millimeters away from destruction. Unbroken through incredible damage. Reassembled from nothingness. Not invincible, but implausible. Several standard deviations beyond fortunate.
Your station's computer is above-average, but unremarkable, your intelligence high, but not supernatural. Having eliminated the impossible, we arrive at the inevitable.
There exist traces of galactic cataclysm, the destruction of technology and your species' return to the dirt. A cycle of eons. Oral histories describe a time of upheaval, a time of unification, and a time of sorrow.
We have seen glimpses of your crime, human, but you still have a choice. Deny the old ones their crystalline society, and, in doing so, prevent the end of all.


You have destroyed millions. Sowed ruin. Corrupted countless inhabited worlds to your grotesque purposes. This, we cannot accept.
It takes extraordinary circumstances to drive us to open war. The cost is incredible, but your crimes against your species drive the cost of inaction higher still.
We send this message to avoid unnecessary bloodshed. Heed our warning and commit yourself to exile. Ignore it, and we will destroy you, along with everyone else on your station.





This was not supposed to occur. We ran millions of simulations. The outcome was certain. Utilitarianism demanded that we intervene on behalf of your people.
Yet here we stand. Defeat snatched from the illusory jaws of victory, begging for mercy from the tear in probability.
You have slaughtered billions of your kind. Brought ruin to countless wonders. Destroyed the very substrate of our civilization. We surrender the ruins to you. All we ask is that you stop the killing.