Building a suite with a desk gives you access to the galaxy map, where you can raid and conquer planets.
Tourists will stay on your station longer if you build them somewhere to sleep.
Apartments allow people to live on your station permanently.
Stationing lots of slaves in your quarters will build your reputation.
People will pay more to use your slaves in private rooms, but only obedient slaves can be trusted there.
Nobody has called you Edgelord to your face since you threw the last one out the airlock. You may have made his point for him, but he's not around to rub it in.
In this age of rampant sexual slavery, post-coital reflection has been known to drive men mad with guilt. It's a good thing that refractory periods are for those too poor for augmentations.
Like virtually all spectacularly wealthy people in this day and age, you are effectively immortal, and have no need for sleep. Days blur together like minutes in your eyes.
Your artificial muscles make you easily capable of overpowering un-augmented humans, a trait that you have made use of many times in the past.
Your custom-built mind is not only capable of storing centuries of memories, but can feel and control your stations' systems (including its drones) as if they were natural appendages.
The Black Star Mercenary Group is the main source of military forces for smaller governments. Its leader is anonymous, and widely speculated to be a sentient machine.
Prime Consumer Electronics is one of the oldest corporations in the galaxy, predating space colonization. Centuries of carefully-leveraged holdings have made them essentially permanent.
The Null Autonomous Collective is governed by machines, but provides for its human citizens. Some call their lives pointless, but they claim to be happy. The robotic overlords guard their planets carefully, tending their humans like a garden.
Vladivostok Holdings was an early investor in cryptocurrency, and cleverly capitalized around its early volatility to gain enormous sums of money. Its investments have taken it to the status of a major galactic power.
Shiva Military Corporation has an effective monopoly on advanced weapon designs, and every manufacturer and mercenary corporation must pay exorbitant license fees for the latest designs.
The Australian Cooperative was created in response to the first automation crisis, and persists due to its rapid development of energy technology. Its citizens are universally wealthy and educated.
In the early days of galactic slavery, Piaoliao Nuli managed to leverage local overpopulation to corner the market on cheap slaves. Its success since then can be attributed to entire worlds dedicated to producing carefully-engineered stock.
Frequent genocide has helped humans maintain a monopoly on space travel despite the existence of numerous sentient species. Sentient extraterrestrial life forms are rare, but do appear from time to time (mostly in specialty brothels or zoos).
Your station is an exorbitantly expensive example. For the money you spent on it, you could have bought several planets. Its relative imperviousness to assault was well worth it though.
There are rumors that drugging water supplies to make planets more compliant can have unintended side-effects. There have been no documented cases though.
Even the careful design of your face wasn't able to completely fix your unsettling gaze. Perhaps it's just your reputation distorting their perception of you.
You were once in control of a small system, before a hostile takeover by Vladivostok Holdings left you with nothing but a colossal amount of money. And they say the rich don't face adversity.
There are rumors of ancient colossi wandering aimlessly through hyperspace, devouring ships that are unfortunate enough to cross their paths. Such vanished ships universally have shoddy maintenance routines though.
Gate travel has made ships more or less obsolete for people who stay on the beaten path, but you need willing gates at both ends to make a connection, making them useless for raids and exploration.
The Slave Pod is a new invention, designed to keep slaves alert and usable with a minimum of downtime.
Citizens won't rent quarters that are too expensive or too cheap for their income levels. Try to balance your apartment types to give everyone somewhere to sleep.
Pod Rooms are an excellent way of packing a lot of tourists into a small space, but clients won't boost your reputation by raving about their accommodations.
Rich tourists will pay extra to stay in lavish quarters. It's a great opportunity to fleece them for everything they have.
Obedient slaves will station themselves in private rooms within your brothel, and you can charge more money for their time.
The Cafe is an excellent place to relax during refractory periods. So you hear.
The restaurants on your station, while visually spartan, have excellent food. The variety is a great boon to the mental health of your citizens and tourists alike.
Hanging slaves in your suite is a great way of driving fear into the minds of your property.
You have no need for sleep, but suite beds let your slaves serve you even when they're unconscious.
The orgy bed is the size of a small apartment, and has a heavy build capable of withstanding significant force.
Forcing slaves to dance for you builds your reputation, and the gentle nature of the task will make you seem more caring.
Combat drones are variants of the Shiva Corporation Security Drone, and are excellent cannon fodder. 
It is said that a single Shiva Corporation dreadnought can take and hold several star systems. They're extremely expensive though, and usually reserved for major corporations.
Shiva Corporation weapon systems are designed to be as versatile as possible, and contain droids that can both enforce law and engage in ground combat.
Guests will pay more for sex with slaves that have interesting implants.
The autodoc can do basic implant surgery on your slaves.
The surgery center gives you complete control of your slaves' bodies.
The chrono chamber allows you to roll back the clock on your favorite slaves, or make them grow prematurely old.
The Australia cooperative's detractors often call its system of government "gay space communism." Its members have embraced the description, and used it to draw billions of migrants.
The Felis and Canis were the results of an ambitious breeding and genetic engineering program. They are bred to be docile, and surgically altered before sale.
The Draug were once a spacefaring race and a legitimate rival to humanity. Though they naturally lay clutches of eggs, breeders modify their genitals to be more human-like before sale.
The Fae lived in hiding on several worlds until well after humans arrived, and were only recently found due to their natural evasiveness. Some theorize that came with humans from Earth due to their resemblance to old legends.
The Eoll were once a proud aquatic empire spanning hundreds of systems, but they were ultimately defeated by human forces and modified for use as a slave race.
Colonies of humans occasionally gain distorted proportions after generations in low-gravity. These tall and thin denizens are prized by some, and aggressively bred wherever they are found.
The Kort were an attempt at creating a soldier race, but were ultimately scrapped in favor of machines. The Kort Trading Company bought the results, and has established breeding colonies catering to collectors.
The Atarnas once observed the human race from afar (occasionally abducting people), but were discovered and conquered soon after humanity’s expansion across the galaxy. They are now collectors’ items, and sellers implant genitals to make them usable as slaves.
The Eko lived peacefully on their homeworld, and had no drive for expansion. They were easily conquered by the first corporate military to notice them, and subsequently enslaved.
Dolls were created by an abolitionist organization as a humane alternative to slavery. In a cruel twist of fate, the company was taken over by a slave recycling plant, who used the dolls to give new life to slaves whose bodies were broken beyond repair.
Hold shift when selling slaves to skip the confirmation dialog.
Hold shift when building structures to build more than one of the same thing
Slaves from prestigious schools are worth a fortune on their 18th birthday, but quickly depreciate. They are often given as symbolic gifts to dignitaries, and entire diplomatic summits have been shifted to line up with particularly elegant graduates.
Hunting free-range slaves has become a major business. Allowing it on your planets incurs a massive morale cost, but tourists will pay top dollar for the opportunity to catch their own slaves in a safe environment.
The prevalence of low-tech civilizations of humans has long been a puzzle for the scientists of the galaxy. Events that cut civilizations from the galactic community while maintaining the population are quite rare, but there are many thousands of worlds in which they have apparently occurred.
Slaves in the audience participation pit are pumped full of muscle relaxants. You wouldn't want them humiliating your paying customers.
Military cyborgs fell out favor centuries ago because of their near-universal propensity for homicidal rage, but the immortal leftovers are staples of fighting pits across the galaxy.