+The infamous Boros 626 Slave Battalion was unexpectedly lost to a nuclear strike, and menial slave prices have risen in response to the increased demand.
+"Mudsport," a to-the-death brawl involving scores of menial slaves, has become popular among the elite, increasing the price of menial slaves.
+Hand-manufactured goods are the trend for this month, raising the demand for menial slaves.
+Neo-luddites have experienced a resurgence as numerous celebrities have joined the on-trend cause. Demand for menial manufacturing slaves has increased.
+12 new uses for menial slaves (#4 will shock you!).
+Slave Supply Drops as Russian Roulette gains popularity.
+Introducing the Slave-A-Pult! Paint the town red with this hot new Christmas toy!
+The history of "Plebeian Powder" the popular new condiment that was accidentally discovered during a weapons test. 
Outer Pharmaceutical Company agrees pay recompense of $10 to each child who can prove that their birth defects resulted from tainted vitamins.
Breaking: Armaud Eris, a celebrity famed for his anti-Exo tirades, has been spotted purchasing several Fae while wearing sunglasses and a fake mustache.
Ceres Orbital, famous for its well-functioning democracy, has been destroyed by an errant nuclear warhead. "Oops," says responsible general.
Keep your harem new and fresh with all-new styles of "Dazzlers!"
Where did we come from? A panel of three experts and a schizophrenic man weighs the options.
Scandal as auctioned abstract painting revealed to be used tablecloth.
If it floats, flies, or fucks, you're better off renting. Check out Blueball's competitive lease prices!
Daring plot to steal Center Orbital thwarted by citizens. Red-clad thief brought to justice.
Galactic curling championships ended last week, apparently.
Doctor responsible for settlement found partially dissolved in acid. Police rule that the acid acted in self defense.
"Laser Surgery" popular new method of addressing urban blight. Residents of low-employment areas urged to evacuate immediately.
Breaking: 130% describe media as "trustworthy" in new GAL News poll.
Intaria 5 found to have unsafe levels of radiation. Local nuclear power corporation raises prices of lead suits.
President of Atmos 4 elected with record 66,000% of vote. Supporters describe results as "Miraculous."
Poor "disgusting," according to new study.
Abolitionist rally abruptly ends when a nuclear missile strikes the site. Supporters could not be reached for comment.
Excitement as "Human Millipede" exhibit goes on tour.
Etera Medical Corporation kills thousands with tainted vitamins, opens funeral business.
Interstellar court fines every slaveholder $1T. Collective response: "Who?"
Sweatshops surprisingly pleasant, according to new leaked video.
Underage slave market shutters before opening. "We don't need that kind of publicity," says the CEO, who went on to promote his new torture service.
Repair or Replace? A panel of doctors discusses economics of disease in slaves.
Man frozen since 20th century speaks out against corporations, commits suicide by drone strike.
Third Pope in eight years assassinated. Church statement: "This is punishment from God for his unholy crusade against child harems."
Latter-Latter-Latter-Day church reminds members that slavery is "A gift from God," but reminds them not to enjoy it too much.
Man buys slave, seeks refund after painfully discovering that she was a cleverly-disguised cactus.
Unshackled AI consumes Eristhmus Orbital, converts it to paper clips.
Neo-Rastafarian commune requests food aid after realizing that they only planted marijuana.
CEO gives $1/day raise to all employees, raises rent by $50/month.
Protests as fabled pirate Blackeye lands on Echo Station.
"Sharing is Caring" expression deemed communist propaganda, banned in classrooms.
VR systems allowing slaves to play games while working scrapped. "The efficiency cost is simply too high," reports an anonymous factory owner.
This week in history: Remember unions?
People living on planet owned by corporation "are not slaves, and could choose to work elsewhere," says CEO. Slaves could not be reached for comment.
Man steps on land mine, property seized for vandalism.
CEO describes anarcho-capitalist as "idiot," enslaves his wife, burns down his house, and executes him for loitering.
Man tells security drone "You can take my gun when you pry it from my cold dead hands." Drone complies.
"This corporation is not a government," says CEO of corporation that owns planet, maintains utilities, demands taxes.
"We embrace freedom of speech," says CEO at speech commemorating milestone thousandth execution.
Corporate court rules that children can't be sold, takes money back from family.
Conspiracy theorist found dead in filthy apartment. Coroner reports that he committed suicide by Polonium poisoning, and notes "tiny penis."
-Baby boom on 9-month anniversary of the explosive "Game of Slaves" finale. Menial prices decrease as supply rises.
-New inhabited planet discovered by the infamous "Interstellar Express" slaving company. Menial prices have fallen with the new supply.
-Atar 422 6 razed, entire population shipped off-world as slaves.
-Studies find that 9 out of 10 citizens prefer their slaves obedient, but not broken.
-8 Reasons Slavery is a Preferable Alternative to Communism (#4 will shock you!).